feat(vscode): create Visual Studio Code extension project (#713)
VeryGoodOpenSource/dart_frog: extensions/vscode/README.md

[![Dart Frog Logo][logo_white]][dart_frog_link_dark]
[![Dart Frog Logo][logo_black]][dart_frog_link_light]

> [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) support for [Dart Frog](https://dartfrog.vgv.dev/) and provides tools for effectively creating Routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the [Dart Frog](https://dartfrog.vgv.dev/) [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) extension, which provides tools for effectively creating routes.
```

Developed with 💙 by [Very Good Ventures][very_good_ventures_link] 🦄

## Installation

> Dart Frog can be installed from the [VSCode Marketplace]() or by [searching within VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_search-for-an-extension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dart Frog can be installed from the [VS Code Marketplace]() or by [searching within VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_search-for-an-extension).
```
Are we missing a link here to the marketplace?

Author: Will add one once publicly released.

> Dart Frog can be installed from the [VS Code Marketplace]() or by [searching within VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_search-for-an-extension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dart Frog can be installed from the [VS Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) or by [searching within VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_search-for-an-extension).
```
